"Starlight Wrath"
"Reduces the cast time of your Wrath and Starfire spells by 0.1 sec."

"Improved Moonfire"
"Increases the critical strike chance of your Moonfire spell by 10%."

"Cycle of Life"
"Gives you a 50% chance to gain a 100% bonus to your Spirit after killing a target that yields experience. This effect also allows 50% of your Mana Regeneration to continue while casting.  Lasts 15 sec."

"Mighty Roots"
"Increases the duration and damage of your Entangling Roots and Thorns spells by 40%."

"Natural Weapons"
"Increases the damage you deal with all attacks and spells by 1%."

"Unity with Nature"
"Reduces the cooldown of your Barkskin by 1 min and reduces damage taken from Arcane and Nature effects by 5%."

"Improved Faerie Fire"
"Increases the range and armor reduction of your Faerie Fire and Faerie Fire (Feral) spells by 10%."

"Hurricane"
"Creates a violent storm in the target area causing 22 Nature damage to enemies every 1 sec, slowing their movement speed by 50% and silencing them.  Lasts 10 sec."

"Starfall"
"Cause your Starfire and Moonfire spells to stun the target for 4 sec if the target is within 8 yds. Can occur only once per 1 min."

"Omnipresence"
"Increases the range of your offensive Balance spells by 10% and reduces the chance enemies will resist them by 2%."

"Vengeance"
"Increases the critical strike damage bonus of your offensive spells by 20% and for your feral abilities by 10%."

"Power of Nature"
"Increases the duration of your Barkskin, Nature's Grasp, Moonfire, Insect Swarm, Faerie Fire, Rejuvenation, Regrowth, Hibernate, Soothe Animal and Abolish Poison by 25%. \nIn adition, increases the number of charges of your Nature's Grasp spell by 2."

"Dreamstate"
"Regenerates 1% of your total Mana every 10 seconds."

"Moonkin Form"
"Transforms the Druid into Moonkin Form, increasing spell critical chance by 2% and armor contribution from items by 360%. The Moonkin can only cast Balance spells while shapeshifted.\n\nThe act of shapeshifting frees the caster of Polymorph and Movement Impairing effects."

"Nature's Grace"
"All spell criticals grace you with a blessing of nature, reducing the casting time of your next spell by 0.5 sec."

"Moonglow"
"Reduces the Mana cost of your Moonfire, Starfire, Wrath, Healing Touch, Regrowth and Rejuvenation spells by 5%."

"Moonfury"
"Increases the damage done by your Arcane spells by 3%."

"Nature Balancer"
"Your Wrath spell have a 4% chance to increase critical strike chance of your next Moonfire or Starfire by 50%, and your Moonfire or Starfire spells have a 4% chance to increase critical strike chance of your next Wrath by 50%."

"Moonkin Aura"
"While in Moonkin Form, the Moonkin Aura increases spell critical chance of all raid members within 20 yards by 3%."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Ferocity"
"Reduces the cost of your Maul, Swipe, Claw, and Rake abilities by 1 Rage or Energy."

"Feral Aggression"
"Increases the effectiveness of your Demoralizing Roar by 20% and the damage caused by your Ferocious Bite and Rip by 5%."

"Thick Hide"
"Increases your Armor contribution from items by 5%."

"Primal Tenacity"
"Increases your chance to resist Stun and Fear effects by an additional 5% and reduces the cooldown of your Enrage ability by 10 sec."

"Brutal Impact"
"Increases the stun duration of your Bash and Pounce abilities by 1 sec."

"Sharpened Claws"
"Increases your critical strike chance while in Bear, Dire Bear or Cat Form by 2%."

"Primal Fury"
"Gives you a 50% chance to gain an additional 5 Rage anytime you get a critical strike while in Bear and Dire Bear Form."

"Feline Swiftness"
"Increases your movement speed by 15% while outdoors in Cat Form and increases your chance to dodge by 3%."

"Feral Charge"
"Causes you to charge an enemy, immobilizing and interrupting any spell being cast for 4 sec."

"Blood Frenzy"
"Your critical strikes from Cat Form abilities that add combo points  have a 50% chance to add an additional combo point."

"Leap"
"Remove all movement impairing effects and leap forward. The distance you leap is highly dependent on the terrain."

"Feral Instinct"
"Increases threat caused in Bear and Dire Bear Form by 5%, reduces the chance enemies have to detect you while Prowling and increases the duration of your Tiger's Fury and Challenging Roar abilities by 3 sec."

"Stalking"
"Increases the critical strike chance of your Ravage and Shred abilities by 15%."

"Heart of the Wild"
"Increases your Intellect and Spirit by 6%.  In addition, while in Bear or Dire Bear Form your Stamina is increased by 3% and while in Cat Form your Strength is increased by 3%."

"Savage Fury"
"Increases the damage caused by your Claw, Rake, Maul and Swipe abilities by 10%."

"Predatory Strikes"
"Increases your melee attack power in Cat, Bear and Dire Bear Forms by 100% of your level. Also, increases your Attack Rating skill by 3."

"Untamed Heart"
"Heal yourself for 30% of your maximum health, and increases your maximum health by 30% for 20 sec."

"Killer Instincts"
"Increases all damage caused by 1%. In addition, your melee critical strikes will increase your attack speed by 10% for your next 3 attacks."

"Survival Instincts"
"Reduces the chance you'll be critically hit by melee attacks by 1%. In addition, your critical strikes restore 1% of your maximum health. This effect can only occur once every 8 sec."

"Leader of the Pack"
"While in Cat, Bear or Dire Bear Form, the Leader of the Pack increases ranged and melee critical chance of all raid members within 20 yards by 3%."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Accuracy"
"Increases your chance to hit with all attacks and spells by 1%."

"Nature's Focus"
"Gives you a 15% chance to avoid interruption caused by damage while casting."

"Furor"
"You gain 15 Rage when you shapeshift into Bear and Dire Bear Form or 40 Energy when you shapeshift into Cat Form. This effects can only occur once every 24 sec."

"Natural Shapeshifter"
"Reduces the mana cost of all shapeshifting by 10%."

"Naturalist"
"Reduces the cast time of your Healing Touch spell by 0.1 sec and increases your Mana regeneration by 10% while in Cat, Bear or Dire Bear Form."

"Subtlety"
"Reduces the threat you generate by 6% and increases the chance to avoid area of effect spells by an additional 6%."

"Improved Enrage"
"The Enrage ability now instantly generates 10 Rage."

"Revive"
"Returns the spirit to the body, restoring a dead target to life with 20% of their health and mana.  Cannot be cast when in combat."

"Omen of Clarity"
"Imbues the Druid with natural energy.  Each of the Druid's melee attacks has a chance to reduce the cost and cast time of your next damage or healing spell by 75%.  Lasts 5 min."

"Reflection"
"Allows 7% of your Mana regeneration to continue while casting."

"Improved Mark of the Wild"
"Increases the effects of your Mark of the Wild and Gift of the Wild spells by 20% and reduces the chance listed spells will be dispelled by 30%."

"Gift of Nature"
"Increases Nature damage done by 2% and increases the effect of all healing spells and healing taken by 2%."

"Improved Rejuvenation"
"Increases the effect of your Rejuvenation spell by 5%."

"Custody of the Nature"
"After being struck by a critical hit, you become immune to critical strikes for next 1 attack or 3 sec. In addition, gives your spell effects additional 15% chance to resist dispel effects."

"Nature's Swiftness"
"When activated, your next spell becomes an instant cast spell."

"Tranquil Spirit"
"Reduces the mana cost of your Healing Touch and Tranquility spells by 3%. In addition, increases effect and reduces threat caused by Tranquility by 20%."

"Catharsis"
"Reduces the Mana cost of your Soothe Animal, Hibernate, Remove Curse, Cure Poison, Abolish Poison, Rebirth and Revive spells by 15%.\nIn addition, your Innervate casts grants you a 7 sec of Innervate effect."

"Animism"
"Increases spell damage and healing by up to 8% of your total Spirit."

"Improved Regrowth"
"Increases the critical effect chance of your Regrowth spell by 15%."

"Swiftmend"
"Consumes a Rejuvenation or Regrowth effect on a friendly target to instantly heal them for an amount equal to 12 sec. of Rejuvenation or 18 sec. of Regrowth."
