"Wand Specialization"
"Increases your damage with Wands by 25%."

"Arcane Focus"
"Reduces the chance that the opponent can resist your Arcane spells by 2% and gives you a 20% chance to avoid interruption caused by damage while channeling Arcane Missiles."

"Elemental Precision"
"Reduces the chance that the opponent can resist your Frost and Fire spells by 2%."

"Arcane Subtlety"
"Reduces your target's resistance to all your spells by 5 and reduces the threat caused by your Arcane spells by 25%."

"Practical Defensive Magic"
"Increases the effect of your Amplify Magic and Dampen Magic spells by 25%, decreases the mana lost per point of damage taken when Mana Shield is active by 25%, and gives your Polymorph a 45% chance to not lose casting time when you take damage."

"Magic Absorption"
"Increases all resistances by 5 and causes all spells you fully resist to restore 1% of your total mana.  1 sec. cooldown."

"Master of Elements"
"Your Fire and Frost spell criticals will refund 10% of their base mana cost."

"Arcane Resilience"
"Increases your armor by an amount equal to 50% of your Intellect and increases the effects of your Mage Armor by 10%."

"Arcane Concentration"
"Gives you a 3% chance of entering a Clearcasting state after any damage spell cast.  The Clearcasting state reduces the mana cost of your next spell by 100%."

"Spell Twisting"
"Your Fire combat spells increases your chance to get a critical strike chance with your next Frost damage spell by 15%.\n\nYour Frost combat spells increases your chance to get a critical strike chance with your next Fire damage spell by 15%.\n\nYour Arcane combat spells increases your chance to get a critical strike chance with your next  Fire or Frost damage spell by 15%."

"Practical Offensive Magic"
"Gives your Counterspell a 50% chance to silence the target for 4 sec, reduces the cooldown of your Counterspell and Blink spells by 10%, and increases the radius of your Arcane Explosion by 1 yards."

"Arcane Instability"
"Increases your spell damage and critical strike chance by 1%."

"Arcane Meditation"
"Allows 5% of your Mana regeneration to continue while casting."

"Arcane Power"
"When activated, your spells deal 30% more damage while costing 30% more mana to cast.  This effect lasts 15 sec."

"Arcane Wrath"
"Increases the critical strike damage bonus of your Arcane spells by 50%."

"Arcane Mind"
"Increases your total Intellect by 2%."

"Time Pressure"
"Increases the casting speed by 4%."

"Improved Arcane Power"
"Reduces the cooldown of your Arcane Power by 1 min and increases duration by 3 secs."

"Mind Mastery"
"Increases spell damage by up to 5% of your total Intellect and increases the effect of your Arcane Intellect by 5%."

"Brilliance Aura"
"Generates 1% of total Mana every 10 sec to all party members within 30 yds."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Fire Warding"
"Increases your Fire resistance by 10. In addition, causes your Fire Ward to have a 15% chance to reflect Fire spells while active."

"Improved Fireball"
"Reduces the casting time of your Fireball spell by 0.1 sec."

"Improved Fire Blast"
"Reduces the cooldown of your Fire Blast spell by 2.5 sec."

"Pyroblast"
"Hurls an immense fiery boulder that causes 120 to 166 Fire damage and an additional 84 Fire damage over 12 sec."

"Flame Throwing"
"Increases the range and the radius of your Fire spells by 10%."

"Burning Soul"
"Gives your Fire spells a 25% chance to not lose casting time when you take damage and reduces the threat caused by your Fire spells by 5%."

"Impact"
"Gives your Fire spells a 4% chance to stun the target for 2 sec."

"Critical Mass"
"Increases the critical strike chance of your Fire spells by 1%."

"Blast Wave"
"A wave of flame radiates outward from the caster, damaging all enemies caught within the blast for 96 to 128 Fire damage and dazing them for 6 sec."

"Incinerate"
"Increases the critical strike chance of your Fire Blast, Scorch, Flamestrike and Blast Wave spells by 3%."

"Blazing Speed"
"Increases movement and mounted movement speed by 5%.  This does not stack with other movement speed increasing effects.\nIn addition, gives you a 5% chance when hit by a melee or ranged attack to increase your movement and casting speed by 50% for 5 sec and dispel all movement impairing effects."

"Hot Streak"
"Your Fire damage spell crits have an 3% chance to make your next Scorch or Pyroblast spell cast instantly and cost no mana."

"Chain Reaction"
"While active, your Fireball spells strike an additional nearby target. Maintaining this effect may harm your body and soul."

"Overheat"
"Improves your chance to get a critical strike with spells by 2%, but increases the threat generated by your critical hits by 10%."

"Thermal Expansion"
"Generates mana equal to your level every 5 sec."

"Improved Scorch"
"Your Scorch spells have a 33% chance to cause your target to be vulnerable to Fire damage.  This vulnerability increases the Fire damage dealt to your target by 3% and lasts 30 sec.  Stacks up to 5 times."

"Ignite"
"Your critical strikes from Fire damage spells cause the target to burn for an additional 8% of your spell's damage over 8 sec."

"Fire Power"
"Increases the damage done by your Fire spells by 3%."

"Pyromania"
"Reduces the casting time of your Fireball and Pyroblast spells by 5%, and your Flamestrike spell by 50%.\nIn addition, reduces the cooldown of your Blast Wave spell by 15 sec."

"Combustion"
"When activated, this spell causes each of your Fire damage spell hits to increase your critical strike chance with Fire damage spells by 10%.  This effect lasts until you have caused 3 critical strikes with Fire spells."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Frost Warding"
"Increases the armor and resistances given by your Frost Armor and Ice Armor spells by 15%.  In addition, gives your Frost Ward a 15% chance to reflect Frost spells and effects while active."

"Improved Frostbolt"
"Reduces the casting time of your Frostbolt spell by 0.1 sec."

"Permafrost"
"Increases the duration of your Chill effects by 1 sec and reduces the target's speed by an additional 4%."

"Cryo Core"
"Reduces all spell damage taken by 5%, but increases physical damage taken by 3%."

"Frostbite"
"Gives your Chill effects a 5% chance to freeze the target for 5 sec."

"Improved Frost Nova"
"Reduces the cooldown of your Frost Nova spell by 5 sec."

"Frost Channeling"
"Reduces the mana cost of your Frost spells by 3% and reduces the threat caused by your Frost spells by 6%."

"Ice Block"
"You become encased in a block of ice, protecting you from all physical attacks and spells for 10 sec, but during that time you cannot attack, move or cast spells."

"Arctic Reach"
"Increases the range of your Frostbolt and Blizzard spells and the radius of your Frost Nova and Cone of Cold spells by 10%."

"Improved Blizzard"
"Adds a chill effect to your Blizzard spell.  This effect lowers the target's movement speed by 30%.  Lasts 2 sec."

"Ice Shards"
"Increases the critical strike damage bonus of your Frost spells by 20%."

"Shatter"
"Increases the critical strike chance of all your spells against frozen targets by 10%."

"Improved Cone of Cold"
"Increases the damage dealt by your Cone of Cold spell by 15% and reduces it's cooldown by 5 sec."

"Ice Mirror"
"Protects the friendly target with a mirror of ice. The mirror reflects spells casts for 8 sec."

"Cold Snap"
"When activated, this spell finishes the cooldown on all of your Frost spells."

"Icing"
"Regenerates 1% of your health and mana every 10 sec if you’ve been standing still for ~10 sec."

"Lord of the North Wind"
"Increases the critical strike chance of your Frost spells by 1% and the chance you are hit by melee and ranged attacks reduced by 1%."

"Winter's Chill"
"Gives your Frost damage spells a 20% chance to apply the Winter's Chill effect, which increases the chance a Frost spell will critically hit the target by 1% for 20 sec.  Stacks up to 10 times."

"Ice Barrier"
"Instantly shields a friendly target, absorbing 438 damage.  Lasts 1 min.  While the shield holds, spells will not be interrupted."

"Advanced Ice Shielding"
"Reduces the cooldown of your Ice Barrier, Ice Block and Ice Mirror spells by 25%, reduces their Mana cost by 10% and reduces the chance your Ice Barrier will be dispelled by 50%."
